[Music]
each day
is an opportunity to win something and
you go out there whether it's a practice
day or a qualifying day
even a day of prep
or at my own house or wherever it may be
it's just pushing heart each and every
day and i think that that's the
the work ethic that was instilled in me
but my dad really
[Music]
hey everybody welcome to impact theory
today's guest is one of the most
accomplished race car drivers of all
time in his extraordinary career he's
already clocked over 700 starts in
nascar's top three divisions making him
currently the longest tenured active
driver in the cup series and it is no
wonder he's had this kind of longevity
from the start it was clear that he has
something special racing before he could
even get his driver's license in quick
succession he racked up major wins and
even established himself as the youngest
driver to ever win the nascar
featherlite southwest series title and
from there he was catapulted into the
big leagues where he continued to prove
himself to be a force of nature by quite
literally posting wins in each of the
different nascar series in which he has
competed as well as winning races on
every type of track that nascar has to
offer he's won a staggering 31 times in
the premier division of nascar including
wins in the daytona 500 and coca-cola
600. he's made 12 appearances in
nascar's playoffs including six
consecutive appearances and he's won an
overall series championship cementing
his legacy as one of the greats and if
all of that wasn't enough he is one of
only a small handful of drivers that
have ever attempted double duty a
grueling double race day that goes from
indy cars to nascar in the first leg of
this behemoth he did so well that with
just one indie race to his name ever he
managed to snag the indie rookie of the
year title so please help me in
welcoming the future hall of fame driver
and ferocious competitor kurt bush
[Applause]
yeah thanks for having me dude happy to
do it i love
meeting people that really take winning
seriously that have a champions mindset
and i want to know what does it take to
actually [__] win at the level that
you win
drivers can't do it on their own there's
a team aspect to it but
you know the spot that i'm in my career
now in my 40s
being that manager being that motivator
and finding
ways to bring more out in people
i didn't even realize i was doing that
when i was younger
just with my tenacity and my youthful
exuberance of pushing hard
and i think it gets down to just the
simple fact of each day
is an opportunity to win something and
you go out there whether it's a practice
day or a qualifying day
even a day of prep
or at my own house or wherever it may be
it's just pushing hard each and every
day and i think that that's the
the work ethic that was instilled in me
by my dad early on so what does that
look like in reality is it up at dawn is
it working out is it like how do you
really like when the you know the rubber
meets the road oh there you go obviously
that was not intentional but there it is
when the rubber meets the road like
what are you what does pushing hard look
like
it's
it's not knowing boundaries whether
you're up at you know three to go travel
somewhere
and then you're on track or
if it goes into
business dinners
you know past 10 p.m some nights just
you're on call 24 7.
i think i grew up in a fun town i grew
up in las vegas nevada right
and
the city that never sleeps was part of
my backyard
and you see the different life growing
up there and
blending that into racing
it's the same way you just never know
what's going to happen around the next
corner
and i think it's just making sure that
you're available at all times no matter
what happens
one of the things that certainly i have
experienced in my own life and looking
at people that really do extraordinary
things there's an element of hunger like
you just have to watch it and so few
people i find it's not that they don't
have the talent it's that they really
don't want it badly enough
and that is definitely a soapbox that i
have mounted many a time in my life to
preach from
is this idea that look if you really
want to accomplish something
extraordinary you're going to have to
want it so badly that you just you
forego everything else you push through
everything else you go to a place where
people are actually worried about you
now i'm i'm not somebody who's terribly
familiar with nascar but before i bring
on a guest i always dive way into their
world to see what they're really about
and so i had the good fortune over the
last like 48 hours to watch your entire
career unfold what i found really
[__] interesting is
you start out sort of as this
hot-blooded
very fiery
getting big wins but definitely you
clearly have that hunger to win
and you've managed to keep winning
throughout your career but the way that
you've gone about it obviously it's
matured it's become maybe more tactical
i definitely don't want to put words in
your mouth what i really want to
understand is
what was more useful like was there was
it like the the hunger was so raw and so
real in the beginning that it seemed to
compensate for not
being as experienced
is that valuable are you like jesus
thank god i finally got away from that
no it really is about just tactical
skills
no that's a great
summary and a great understanding of
my career that you saw with different
highlights and different moments and to
circle back around to what you had
talked about leading into that question
was
the fire and that desire to succeed and
to be almost on the edge of
insane crazy
my story was in college mom was against
racing from the beginning like she's
gotta you gotta go to school get some
grades
and
you know graduate because it's dangerous
she didn't like it because it was
dangerous but my dad raced and there was
always a car in the garage to
touch or to be part of and to help and
he always put me to work uh you know he
loved free help
and i was his best free help
but for for me i struggled in college
why did i struggle
literally the books were on the back
seat of my volkswagen bug
as i was traveling around trying to find
more races
so of course i'm
struggling at school flunking out and
everybody kept saying man this this
racing thing you gotta
gotta pack it in
get focused on life that's how bad i had
it it was three jobs 24 7 flunking out
of school
and i got a lucky break
when you think about how much you wanted
to be good at that is was it a conscious
effort to get excited about something
that your dad was into
um did that come naturally so i i find
that people break into sort of two camps
you've got people that found something
early that they really love and and they
grow hungry for it without any sort of
real sense of what made them hungry and
then quite frankly the other bucket is
usually just people that feel like oh i
don't love anything like that and there
are few people that
understand how malleable that trait is
is this something that you just got
early
is it a trait that you had to build in
yourself to stay hungry to keep pushing
through certainly in the early days but
even through the you know the ups and
downs of your crew you've been so
successful you could have retired long
ago so how you keep pushing
now
is
that just come naturally or do you build
that in yourself
i i believe the way i was raised in a
blue collar family where
we had to work hard to obtain the money
that was available for racing or
frankly just for my parents to pay their
bills
we had to work hard and my dad was a
self-employed tool salesman
and i was you know probably 10 11 years
old
in charge of shipping and receiving you
know then i was the one that washed the
truck when it got done on each friday
um it was all of these lessons that my
dad was instilling in me that i didn't
know i just thought it was chores i
thought it was part of being
the family business
and looking back around on everything it
was lessons that my dad was teaching me
and when i started to
race
for my first time which mom was still
you know she was against it she was like
here's a baseball bat baseball glove go
play little league it's a lot safer
clarity
was all around me
they say the hardest thing to do in
sports is to hit a fastball
watching your race footage that did not
seem true to me um having people bumping
you at 200 miles an hour
battling for a centimeter of space
at that speed
uh with your life literally on the line
seems a lot harder if you had to give
three or four ingredients that make for
an amazing driver
what are those ingredients
i think
courage is an easy one that you can
recognize and and tell me exactly
courage to what it's to block out the
fear of
this is dangerous okay you know we're
going 200 miles an hour
do i know that
yes
do i have that courage inside me that
says that this isn't dangerous because
i've done my checklist of
my safety
you know for the car for myself
the tracks and where we're racing you
know there's tracks in europe where they
have guard rails that are at an awkward
angle and
you know there's places that just don't
have the
the infrastructure and the upkeep to
keep a place safe to race and
when you have that courage to block that
out that's when it helps you make
smarter decisions
and you know i think the number two
thing that creates a successful
motor sports driver is that that
intuition
to be able to not necessarily predict
the future but to be able to absorb
immediately
what's in your peripheral vision
and apply it to make a pass or to get
the speed out of the car
it's having that that feel
third thing that i think is very
important to succeed in motorsports is
to have that mechanical inclination of
how a car works
to understand suspension to understand
the aerodynamics that's the mechanical
side of it to be successful
and in all honesty the fourth element
is what i would call timing and luck
but luck is defined in
in in my theory by preparation
meets opportunity
if you're not prepared to meet that
opportunity luck's not going to be on
your side
and that's where
a lot of good drivers
male female younger older
they're just not able to find that right
timing element to match with their luck
to make it to
the big time and to be able to
maintain it like like i've been blessed
and privileged enough to do for 20 years
so let's go back to courage for a second
so i find that one uh pretty interesting
the ability to compartmentalize to
recognize the fear but somehow put it in
its place
how do you put it in its place i mean
you've crashed enough that i would
understand if you were gun shy right i
mean that's to to have experienced it to
see it as one thing you described it as
getting in the ring with a heavy weight
and having him punch you in the head as
hard as you can
and i thought even one that you walk
away from sounds like it sucks
so
how do you even with the successive
number of times that you've put yourself
in that situation and it doesn't work
out like how do you manage how do you
still compartmentalize and and i'm i'm
asking this question very much because
there is someone watching right now i
promise and they don't know how to
compartmentalize that so even just to
give a quick preamble to make it
accessible to people this what you do in
the car is exactly what i had to do with
speaking i used to have crippling
anxiety i could not get up in front of a
small group let alone a big group so i
had to find a way to stop what i call
rehearsing the failure and so that was
one of the ways that i put that away i
just the second my mind tried to go to
it i would stop it i would do what they
call pattern interrupting and and i
would literally put that away if i had
to [__] imagine putting it in a box
and closing the lid like i would do
whatever i needed to do
to literally compartmentalize that
but i'm not traveling at 200 miles an
hour so how do you
compartmentalize
i think the key is is i'm not
stupid enough
to
step into a ring with a heavy weight
fighter
you don't you just don't do that i'm one
of my 150 pounds of my fly weight
welterweight i don't know what division
i would be if i was a boxer but my point
to this is you don't start
at the heavyweight division
you know i met ty murray a professional
bull rider
probably about 15 years ago and we got
into some moonshine we were talking you
know he was at a nascar race and
he's like
kurt you're just you're just not ready
to be a bull rider i'm like well i
didn't ask to be
and i'll go wait what does it really
take and he says you know you don't just
start on a big bowl
we'll get you on a little cow
but i first need you to
do 10 pull-ups right now i need to check
your core strength i'm going to put you
on the balance beam and we're gonna go
through a gymnastics course to check
your balance your footwork
your ability and agility
to
stay focused when that animal's
underneath you
and it's that preparation
it's that process
to prepare and to be ready and so i'm
sure some of your first speaking
engagements weren't with
tens of thousands of people watching it
was maybe 30. it was still rough but you
got through those right
that's the preparation that
all of us in any sport go through that's
behind the scenes is you work your way
towards the top you just don't start
there
so preparations come up a few times
i'll tie it to intuition tell me if you
think that they really are linked so a
lot of times so i didn't have business
instincts when i started so i had to
accept that i could build them that i
could
prepare enough i could repeat exposure
enough that i would actually
get to the point where i was training my
intuition so that it would become
something where i would see something
and know there's something not right
here and then i could dive in once i had
the feeling i could dive in and assess
why that was there whereas in the
beginning i didn't have a feeling i have
no idea is this right wrong or
indifferent so
it seems true to me that preparation
part of that repetition pattern is
actually training your quote unquote gut
instincts you don't have to be born with
them
does that ring true to you or do you
feel like no no this was something i was
born with and the preparation is
something else
i think it's a factor of of all of it
together
you're born with it but you have to
continue to practice it
uh you're only as good as the people
that you surround yourself with
you really don't have anything more to
prove why do you keep
going at something dangerous
what what drives you
now for me
i still love it that feeling of
putting on the helmet pulling the belts
tight
and outsmarting the competition
it's
it's that work ethic that my father
instilled in me when i was young and
you know you're right yes there's nice
trophies on the shelf
uh there's been huge moments
in the sport that i'll never forget
there's been great bonus checks that
have come in and
but to be a
a veteran right now
in the sport of nascar
to be over 40 and to have a youth wave
coming in
you know i look at it as okay if there's
a bunch of new guys being pushed in and
team owners are heading that route
well they don't have this many years of
experience i've already got a one-up
just by taking the green flag
you know the the opportunity to give
back
to this sport that has given me so much
i feel like i'm in a safe environment
and confident enough in myself
to teach young engineers crew members
marketing guys
everybody i feel like i have a phd in
motorsports from these 20 years of all
these categories
and one big inspiration for me though
was my trips to walter reed and bethesda
medical centers for our military
seeing those men and women who've
given the ultimate sacrifice
and who have sustained injuries
and have even lost their their lives and
their loved ones through
you know the protection of this country
i have a ticket giveaway program that i
do for our military and i buy 100
tickets to every nascar race
for our military guys for our men and
women who have served and who are
currently serving and
i've always wanted to be that guy
that anybody could root for no matter
what's your background
no matter where you're from in the
country or in the world
that
kurt busch is a dependable racer that we
can choose that's going to get us a top
10 uh finish today or have a shot at
winning
and that that desire is still there it
hasn't changed
that's really interesting so you said
something that
if people have context in your career
they will understand it immediately but
if they don't so you were known as the
outlaw for a long time you had a
contentious relationship with the media
i think that would be a very fair uh
characterization you talked about sort
of being given the black hat to wear but
that you never felt like that was really
you what was it like
dealing with that where there is you the
real person and there is you the
the persona which is somewhat being
created by the media you definitely had
a hand in it in terms of how you
presented yourself but how do you deal
with
a persona that doesn't feel like it
matches you how did you navigate those
waters
that was
that was a tough spot there was a few
tough spots in my career with
for me i feel like i wear my emotions on
my sleeve i'm a pretty easy guy to read
do you value that in yourself do you
think that's a good thing
i do it's the only way that i know
and when i try to
steer into a direction to learn
a different process i felt like i wasn't
me
and
when i had a rough spell with the media
early on it was because
well you guys don't know the full story
but you're showing something different
and you learn that racing isn't
necessarily just about getting that
checkered flag there's an entertainment
value
to it but as a kid from las vegas that
just had the blinders on for
trophies and winds
and doing well at track i had no idea of
the pageantry of what goes into all of
this i had no idea and
when i had my first run-in with the
media so to speak and everything was
sideways i said you know what
just calm down just ignore all this
just go drive the car
just just take this as a as a lump take
this this
this medicine
and when i turned it into the next
season and went there and just focused
on driving
i won the championship
and i got to do the big fu
told you guys
i'm here to stay i did it my way and i
won
and at the same time i got a nice
contract offer
behind the scenes to switch to a
different team
and that team had a big value of
the formal look
with how they dressed how they talked
how they acted and to race for roger
penske a legendary team owner in all of
motorsport
i mean i was it was a chance of a
lifetime
and when i started to race for him and
started having these
meetings after meetings and the politics
and the process and this blue collar kid
was from vegas wasn't learning and
adapting quick enough
that's when i fell into the trap again
and
i just i just took myself out of that
that position i wasn't winning as often
i wasn't in championship form as often
and it was because
i was trying to be somebody
that i wasn't
and that's when the outlaw moniker
came about because i just you know i'm
out i'm going to do this my way and i
actually went back to like a d level
team like pretty low-end team in nascar
and treated it like my rookie season
but with 10 years of experience
and worked my way back up to a top team
i put my own self on a program
and it's been the most fulfilling
portion of my career to work my way back
up and now be with a top team
a top endorsement with monster energy
and to race to have shots at a
championship and race wins now being 41
i had to go through those moments with
the media and to learn and to become
more of
kurt busch
that's really interesting that notion of
building back up so
a lot of entrepreneurs will call and say
yo i've done this now i get the game so
even if i had to start from the bottom i
could really build my way back up again
that really does feel true i certainly
feel that way about myself
what did you actually do like what did
you actually bring to bear on a team
because you've said that
um part of the four things you've got
mechanical being a huge one so if your
car isn't there it's going to be very
tough for you to pull off winds so how
did you pull off wins on a team that was
that just didn't have the capital to
give you some of the toys
that the other competitors had
for one of the teams that i raced for
their team was based in colorado and
99 of nascar is based in the carolinas
and here's this one team
and after every race i'd go to colorado
i would sleep on one of the crew
member's couch
i'd go to the race shop with them at 5
a.m
i would be involved with every
portion of the car every department and
make sure that the communication was as
in-depth as possible because i felt like
that's what was missing on the big teams
was the politics of well this lead
engineer says this should be done
at the wind tunnel
but the wind tunnel doesn't necessarily
correlate to the race track in the way
that you think that it does
we don't need your driver feed back blah
blah blah
and so i started doing that in just more
depth going an old school approach
and took that that team they were ready
they were ready on their own but we made
the playoffs as a one one-car
independent
individual team
and
then the phone rang from a team in north
carolina
offering me
that same
feel of come and be involved with our
team because we like your mechanical
approach we like your leadership
approach and we know that you still have
that drive and that fire
to compete and to win
you mentioned your leadership style what
is your leadership style how did you
help that team galvanize and and do so
well
honesty is is key for me
and the clarity that
you speak with
it can't just be a oh i'll check into
that
that's the worst i hate oh i'll get
around to that
uh well uh let me i'll get back to you
i hate follow-ups to follow-ups that's
the worst when it can be clear and
honest
those are the people that i like working
for me on my team
whether it's with the race team whether
it's the marketing team
uh the licensing on selling
items around a driver's identity it all
has to be clear and it has to be honest
so you give them the honesty you tell
them i'm assuming some of it is
this is your role this is your job
you've got to do it i'm assuming some of
it is
bonding engaging with them being there
and i suppose some of it is going to
have to be you performing your best on
the track and delivering results one
thing that i find interesting when i
look at leaders that i really admire
people that especially in times of war
people that lead from the front that's
always super interesting and there's no
doubt that you as the driver have the
most pressure on you and you're the one
that's really putting yourself at risk
how do you leverage that like would you
ever yo i showed up today and you guys
didn't like do you feel that you earned
sort of the right to to push people a
bit more when you're out there killing
it how does that work in your mind
for me i think being a a judge of
character is important in knowing
people's background and how they've
arrived at their position an engineer
from purdue university is going to act
different than a collegiate guy that's
your pit crew member that jumps over the
wall
who's going to be different than
somebody that's from up in the northeast
you know where they might have had a
tougher upbringing i feel like it's key
to
bring the best in somebody's background
and what they're good at i want to talk
about competitiveness so i was surprised
that you didn't list that as one of the
key ingredients for a driver you seem to
have it in [__] spades
you raced against your i just assume you
gotta have it
yeah well the funny thing is i didn't
have it growing up so that was
definitely something i had to develop i
had to first recognize that it had value
and then put myself at risk because the
reason i didn't like competition was
that meant that i could lose and i
thought that meant something in terms of
my worth as a human being so i was
really
outwardly saying that com
competitiveness is stupid i don't know
why people are so you know neanderthal
about it like uh what the [__] like i
was super judgmental about it but the
real truth was i was afraid if i
competed i would lose and i didn't want
to lose because that would make me feel
badly about myself so finally once i
realized well there's actually real
power in here
once i embrace being competitive then it
brings out aggression aggression is one
of those things you usually hear in a
negative connotation but i will tell you
right now before i speak one of the
things that i say my little mantra as i
get in my version of a car
is that i'm going to be aggressive i'm
going to be
raw i'm going to be completely present
and i'm going to be aggressive and
embracing aggression embracing like i'm
here to [__] win i'm not here just to
play i'm not here to touch one life or
whatever it is that people say oh as
long as i impact one person like i've
done [__] that like i'm here to be the
best of all time
and i'm holding myself accountable to
that and my thing is how you believe how
you think all this stuff it's going to
impact how you behave now how you behave
ultimately is the only thing that
actually matters but when i look at you
racing against your dad and beating him
racing against your brother and
sometimes winning sometimes losing but
really [__] competing man and really
going after people and really trying to
win
that there there is
looking at you and and
one day they will look back on your
legacy and they will talk about what you
accomplish and i promise that is going
to come up like this was somebody who
played to win
and that
some people will say too harsh it's too
much it's too close to obsession
whatever
dude i honestly looking at it seems to
be one of the like absolute secret
ingredients your desperation to [__]
win is why you take the chances and the
risks and do the work and all of that
to put a fine point on it i'll say again
what was it like to compete against your
dad
and so
early
with my racing
it was family fun
it was a hobby it was dad and son time
father-son time was perfect
and did he always let you win
no no he was he was as competitive as as
ever so even when you were young he's
like i'm going to win yeah i mean when i
played little league i played to win
when i played papa shot i played to win
if i was bowling i played to win
and my dad is a national champion in
this racing division that he was racing
in and i beat him in my second timeout
on the track
it we didn't go to the track when we
were kids to make friends
and
it was to bring home that trophy
that's that's the different mindset i
think that some people went to the track
and it was social hour it was just a fun
okay yeah we're just going to do this
because
little johnny or sarah wants to
drive a car
we went there
to win
and that competitive
top one percent effort
carried with me from this division
to this racing car to this
and when i made it to
what you would call like the aaa ranks
of nascar like right there right below
the pro level
that's again where i'm just pushing
through like a bulldozer like you're
saying and that aggression
ran into the good ol boy south
and that's where i had some struggles of
being a west coast kid of just hammer
down
ask no questions take no prisoners and
then you get to this good old boy system
out there and they're like hey
you need to simmer down a little bit
because when i got to the top and kept
winning
i just felt like i was going to continue
to keep going but i didn't realize
i had made it to the top this is it
and now i'm going to be around these
people
for more years to come i just kept not
burning bridges because every bridge i
left in place for my little brother
to cross you know a lot of the race
teams that i raced for kyle jumped in
and kept going i was just blazing this
trail going straight to the top with
that aggression and that tenacity and i
still have those
but they're muted in different
categories with the way
a lot of the business operates at this
level
how do you deal with loss how do you
deal with failure what do you tell
yourself what does that mean to you how
do you build back
i could tell you
more vividly in detail about the losses
than i can about some of the wins
and the reason is because yes of course
there's more losses but there's a reason
that really jumps out
at why the
second place happened
or why there was a dnf from a wreck or
you know even a 22nd place finish
because of a poor performance you could
really get into detail on what hampered
the effort to win that day
and those are the lessons that you have
to apply
when you get back to that track again
the next time or quickly
move forward for the next week
and that's some of the brashness
that i had early in my career was
if four weeks go by and we've been in
the same trench
i'm already out of patience two weeks
ago
there are some team owners
or some mechanics or team personnel
that are with you
but they have more of a balanced
political approach to it
and then there's some that are just like
you know what let's let six months go by
and then we'll reevaluate
in racing timelines that's way too long
you got to move quick
and that's that's what
was a lot of my not balancing the
professionalism
with
my tenacity or talent from behind the
wheel
what do you
what do you plan to do in the next phase
like at some point i imagine you will
say okay i'm going to step away from
driving
what do you want to see the next phase
of your life will it be equally
competitive is there something that you
already have on tap that you want to do
i'm sure i'll be competitive
i married a beautiful woman who is
competitive in her own right
my wife ashley plays competitive polo
and she has her horses her team and
travels and she has the same thing that
i have it's called helmet itis you put a
helmet on and you change into a
different person
i love her so much and the way that she
competes
that's an element of life that's out in
front of me
i don't have a set plan again i feel
like i have a phd with this
motorsport
arena that i've been in for the last 20
years
is it going into coaching young drivers
is it going into
commentary to expose you know fans
and to teach them
my version of nascar and to how to draw
in more of an audience you know from
that side of it
you know the phone rang the other day
about sports car racing over in le mans
i've got a bucket list item to race in
australia and different spots around the
world
i don't know what's around the next
corner but i know that there's so many
opportunities
that it will be fun it'll be organic
and it'll be because my heart and my
soul told me to do it and then i'm not
trying to be somebody else
that's cool
people that want to learn more about you
they want to engage with you where
should they go
my social channels are all at kirkbush
so twitter instagram facebook
it's funny how you know my my veteran
fans are all on facebook you know the
true hardcore are on twitter
and you know i love art i took a bunch
of photography when i was in high school
and the instagram feed is more of the
youth
and it's it's a perfect blend of
who i represent as monster energy as a
sponsor
team chevy racing for chevrolet
and just having the connections between
my old cars and my new cars
and
i still believe that it's just being
honest and being out there as an organic
racer
that's that's where people can get
connected and then i have my website
kurtbusch.com i love it
all right with all that you do and the
risks that you take and how hard you
push yourself and your team
what is the impact that you want to have
on the world
that's a heavy question
you know i i think the
best way
to answer your question and to help
tie in everything we've talked about
today is that it doesn't matter who you
are
where you came from
hard work and
perseverance
is is an ingredient
the courage to continue to push forth
when you don't know
what's around the next corner or when
people are telling you
that you might have to quit
or you might have to set this aside and
focus on your studies or focus on your
job
i think
i'm a very good candidate
for leaving an impression on people of
just work your butt off
learn from your mistakes
and put your boots on tie up your
bootstraps and get out there in the
world and you can make it i think that's
an easy way to answer what i can leave
on this world is that anybody can make
it out of wherever they're from
that's a pretty cool thing to leave
behind
guys this guy's career is extraordinary
and when you see how much work he's put
in and how long he's been able to
maintain success it really is pretty
breathtaking especially when you factor
in the fact that he's doing it at 200
miles an hour
speaking of doing well over a long
period of time if you haven't already be
sure to subscribe and until next time my
friends be legendary take care
kurt my man that's great [__] amazing
dude hey everybody it's time to talk
about all of our favorite subjects
mental health is there something holding
you back or preventing you from
achieving your goals or even just
interfering with your happiness do any
of you suffer from depression or anxiety
as a lot of you guys know i've suffered
from anxiety for years and trying to
tackle something like that on your own
is not always the optimal strategy
but a lot of people are super nervous to
try out therapy or they don't really
know where to start or they're just
plain embarrassed but now there's a
service called better help that makes
therapy more accessible and affordable
better help is professional counseling
done securely online using your computer
tablet or mobile phone through video
calls phone calls or text messaging with
licensed therapists who are certified by
their state's board to provide therapy
and counseling it is not self-help and
it's not a crisis line it's an online
service available worldwide and it has a
massive network of counselors who have a
broad and diverse range of specialties
so you can get a counselor with a sort
of expertise that might not even be
available in your local area
betterhelp assesses your needs and
matches you with a licensed professional
therapist within 24 hours you can log
into your account anytime to message
your counselor and betterhelp also has
group in our sessions every week where
members can learn in groups directly
from licensed counselors on multiple
topics like relationships and ways to
overcome anxiety especially if the
thought of seeking help makes you
nervous or embarrassed be sure to check
out the over 60 000 positive reviews
posted on the betterhelp site and that's
better help
h-e-l-p
better help is committed to making it
easy for you to access the therapeutic
help you need even if you have never
gone to counseling before it's free to
switch therapists it's more affordable
than local therapy and they even have
financial aid available if you need it
betterhelp wants you to start living a
happier life today visit betterhelp.com
impact and again that's spelled better
h-e-l-p and join over 500
000 people taking charge of their mental
health with the help of an experienced
professional betterhelp costs just 65
dollars per week and financial aid is
available for those who qualify during
the sign up process
as an impact theory viewer you can get
10 off your first month so visit
betterhelp.com
impact and get the help you need today
all right guys if you need this one
please give it a shot take care and be
legendary
how are you going to have a positive
life from negative thoughts you can't
because you're going to perpetuate more
negative thoughts
and you're going to attract
vibrationally and frequency wise people
that are thinking that same way